Add new check to PR templates and tweak UI GA (#833)
kubeflow/model-registry: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Testing instructions have been added in the PR body (for PRs involving changes that are not immediately obvious).
- [ ] The developer has manually tested the changes and verified that the changes work.
- [ ] Code changes follow the [kubeflow contribution guidelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/about/contributing/).

> - [ ] **For first time contributors**: The developer has ensured all tests has passed AND the label `ok-to-test` has been added to the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **For first time contributors**: The developer has ensured all tests have passed and the label `ok-to-test` has been added to the PR.
```

> - [ ] **For first time contributors**: The developer has ensured all tests hav passed **and** the label `ok-to-test` has been added to the PR.

Author: ugh... I swear to god I know how to write

> - [ ] **For first time contributors**: The developer has ensured all tests have passed **and** the label `ok-to-test` has been added to the PR.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's anyway easy for a new contributor to know which tests should have run, and which have not.
I think this is more knowledge of maintainers.
Suggestion:

```suggestion
- [ ] **For first time contributors**: please reach out to the Reviewers to ensure all tests are being run, ensuring the label `ok-to-test` has been added to the PR.
```

Author: Ah yes, they will need to ping reviewers, let me tweak it even more pointing at the owners file, but I like this suggestion, thanks @tarilabs
